# Leaf_Wilting_Detection
The goal of this project is to use various deep learning based  approaches  in  order  to  determine  leaf  wilting  ratings. The  dataset  for  this  project  consists  of  images  of  crop  taken at various different time of the day under different illuminating conditions. We  developed  a  convolutional  neural  network  model,  for this image classification task, using a pre-trained model at the beginning.   The model  implements  a  ResNet-50 network pretrained  on  the  ImageNet  database.  The  architecture  of ResNet50 has 4 stages. The network can take the input image having height, width as multiples of 32 and 3 as channel width.The  input  image  size  of  the  image  is  224  x  224  x  3.  The ResNet architecture performs the initial convolution and max-pooling  using  7×7  and  3×3  kernel  sizes  respectively.  Then, in  the  Stage  1  of  the  network,  the  network  has  3  Residual blocks  containing  3  layers  each.  The  size  of  kernels  used  to perform the convolution operation in all 3 layers of the block of stage 1 are 64, 64 and 128 respectively. The curved arrows refer to the identity connection. The dashed connected arrow represents that the convolution operation in the Residual Block is  performed  with  stride  2,  hence,  the  size  of  input  will  be reduced to half in terms of height and width but the channel width  will  be  doubled.  As  we  progress  from  one  stage  to another, the channel width is doubled and the size of the input is  reduced  to  half.  For  each  residual  function,  3  layers  are stacked one over the other. The three layers are 1×1, 3×3, 1×1 convolutions.  The  1×1  convolution  layers  are  responsible  for reducing and then restoring the dimensions. The 3×3 layer isleft as a bottleneck with smaller input/output dimensions.
